[Autogenerated] in this demo will be following through the
same workflow as in the previous module,
this time building on what we've already done by adding a
second contract for a new scenario.
We'll start by writing a failing test this time for credit card application,
denial, Robin and Grant.
Then a new contract will be created.
In order for us to make our failing tests pass,
we'll make our failing consume aside test pass provide a side.
Tests will then be all to generate it and then finally will make
our provide aside test pass Also so again,
we'll start with far Can Shima project and go through the
same workflow as in the previous module.
But this time the scenario will bay for a credit card application.
Denial Robin and Grand.
We'll start with feigning test copying and pasting
the existing one and modifying it.
Remember, this should usually be the starting point.
Is consumer giving contract testing is still a TDD workflow?
We can end rename our copy test to should deny application when credit
score is low and then changed a citizen number to a new one as the existing
one already has a contract associated with it.
And finally, our assertion should change to verify the night instead of grunted.
Let's run a test and see what happens.
It looks like we're getting the failures we expected.
But let's take a closer look to see what that failure is scrolling up.
We can see a why.
Ma Kara.
This is because our existing contract is loaded by the stop runner,
but not matched by the downstream request created by running our test.
Taking a look.
We concede that this is because he expected citizen number
off 1234 does not match the citizen number in the request
for 444 In order to fix this, we now need to create an additional contract.
This one will expect a citizen number off.
4444 I'm return a low credit score.
Robert Down high one.
First of all, let's switch back to our provided project.
Then let's copy and paste the existing contract.
But this time, rename it too, should grant a credit score of Lot's or Citizen.
We cannot make some simple modifications to our
copied and pasted specifications.
First, we can change the citizen number 24444 as This is what our test uses.
Then we can change score that is returned to low as we
need a low score again for our test.
That's all we need to do, so we can switch back to our terminal on run.
The build of our provider skipping tests in order
to generate our stops were foul.
Any failures?
Let's run maven clean, install skip tests.
Great are built past.
Let's scroll up and take a look at the locks to see what's happened.
This time, we can see two contracts copied over before high under low scenarios,
and we can also see two sets of stuff.
Mapping is being generated again for both far
corresponding high and low contract scenarios.
We won't bother analyzing a stub jar again,
as it should be self explanatory that both contracts and the
corresponding stop map ings will be inside it and executed.
When we run the store.
Brunner switching back to our consumer, we can run our failing test again on DSI.
If it now passes as a stop will now contain a new contract.
Mm, let's like we still have a failure.
So let's scroll up and see what's wrong.
While this time Wire Mark Muchtar request.
We can see our citizen number off 4444 when 10 on We got response of Low.
This means our contract on the corresponding stop are working.
So something else must be broken,
probably because we haven't actually implemented the
functionality in Alkhan Xinye.
Scrolling along, we concede it's adjacent de serialization era.
It's trying to convert a string low into our scoring,
Um, but it's not possible value.
So lets navigate to it and add low as a second possible value.
Now that's done.
We can rerun our tests and see if they can now pass well.
It looks like we got fervor but unfortunately still have a test value.
This time, it's because the score of Low is not yet supported.
Let's navigate.
So where we hold the logic for granting applications on modify it.
So this is no longer the case.
We can see that we currently only chat for a score of high,
otherwise referring exception,
let's start a new condition that chaps for a score of low on,
then returns tonight.
When that's the case,
then let's do a bit of cleanup by adding some static imports using alternate er.
Now we've done this.
We can yet again run our test and see if it passes great this time it does.
So we can be confident that the consumer side of our credit application to
nail dysfunctional now we need to implement to provide aside in order to
implement everything and to end switching back to our provide a project we can
run maven install without skipping the tests.
This means that the contract verification tests for our low
credit score will be generated and executes it.
We can see that because of this,
we now have a failure with a generated test called Validate Should
grunt Credit Score of low to a citizen Failing.
Let's navigate to it and do some analysis we can see to.
This altar generated test is very similar to the one
we created in the last module.
It makes a request in the new contract with the
value of 444 as a citizen number on, it asserts that a response given is low.
Let's run the test directly on do some analysis of why it fails.
It looks like we're somehow returning know from our controller.
Let's navigate to our base contract test class and see if anything looks wrong,
right?
We only have a mock interaction set up for the citizen.
Number off Won t free four.
Let's add another line,
which supports a citizen number off 4444 on returns to score of Low,
will create a low Inam value as it has yet to exist.
Now we can run, maybe install again, this time seeing if our tests pass.
Great, they dio, meaning we have implemented both sides of the interaction,
as you can see,
once you've already self skeleton than adding additional contracts or features becomes a lot faster than before.